Added inference category (#33)
ietf-wg-aipref/drafts: draft-ietf-aipref-vocab.md

The use of assets for Generative AI Training is a proper subset of AI Training usage.

> ## Inference Category

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## AI Inference Category {#inference}
```

I think that we need to include AI in the title.  The anchor is just for my benefit later, for #26.

> To act of using one or more assets as input to a trained AI/ML model for the purposes of inferring a result.

Reviewer: I think that the "inferring a result" is a bit of a strange turn of phrase.

```suggestion
The act of using one or more assets as input to a trained AI/ML model
as part of the operation of that model
(as opposed to the training of the model).
```

Author: This makes sense to me (in terms of substantive change) I just wanted to start any discussion from some existing definition, so i wonder if it makes sense to include your edit now or after we have shared this with the list (here I would apply the same timing as in the Search case, wait until some of the other discussions have died down)
